Love is one of those complicated thing that only experts say they understand, and they're always sad.
If you're wearing a new white shirt to eat spaghetti, maaaan, you're just inviting disaster to the table.
You don't need to be on your own to be alone, man. Remember that.
I heard people keep goldfish in tanks, maaan. And then they give e'm FREE FOOD!
You tell a kid there's no hope, man, and see how fast that kid tells you otherwise.
Donuts, maaaaan, Donuts.
If might is supposed to make right, then what makes left, maaan?
They tell you to sleep on a problem, maaan. But what if your problem is INSOMNIA?!
What if sharks aren't trying to hurt those guys in cages? Maaan, what if they're just trying to free 'em?
Who decided oranges have to be named after the color, but bananas aren't just called "yellows"? Maaan...
When someone fakes a smile, don't get mad, maaannn. At least they're trying.
Whoa, maaan, what if we're all just characters in a video game?
We're all like snowflakes if you think about it. I mean, maaan, we're all different but we all still melt in lava.
If you told a white lie about spilling blue paint, wouldn't that just be a blue lie? Maaan, that'd make sense...
Why is pizza folded over called a calzone? Why isn't it still called a pizza? What's their agenda, maaan?
If you make a documentary about a compulsive liar, is it even TRUE, maaan?
Why do people love diamonds? Don't they know they're just shiny rocks? Maaan, I don't get it...
Ya know, 75% of the earth is covered with water, maaan. That means otters are your new kings?
We otters hold hands when we sleep, maaaan. It's just another one or our charms.
You can't worry about stuff you're unaware of, so, maaan, save some of that strife for your mom.
If you beat yourself up, that means you lost TO YOURSELF! Oh, maaan, I can't even think about it.
"Sea cucumber" is just a fancy way of saying "barf slug", maaaan.
Love is like a cookie: your world is great until it's all gone, leaving your life all crummy.
When you see a dark cat at night, how do you know it's not just part of the darkness, maaan?
Did you ever notice how the moon follows you around? Maybe that's because it's yours, maaan.
Don't sweat the small stuff, man. Unless it's a virus.
People are only heroes when someone else calls them that. Maaan, isn't that NUTS?
How many times have you seen a superintendent? Yeah, think about THAT, maaaaaan.
Ever tried to knit a scarf while in a tornado? Maaan, it's not as easy at it sounds...
Cheese can never be milk again, maaaaan.
If you wake up a sleeping person to give them a sleeping pill, you're not helping, maaan.
Enough with the jellyfish, maaannn. Where are all the peanut butter fish?
The ability to speak doesn't mean you have anything important to say, maaaan.
I've seen people excuse their dogs when they get into the garbage, but never their kids. What's up there?
Maaan, a hat is just pants for your head. Doesn't that scramble your melon? MIND BLOWN.
Don't bottle up your feelings. It's bad for you, maaan!
You know the difference between hard tacos and soft tacos? Maaan, it's the CRUNCH.
What if you already met yourself from the future, but you thought he was a dork? Maaan, just think...
Everything is made up, maaan. I mean, words? We just made those up. THINK ABOUT IT!
If you learn a foreign language, is it even FOREIGN anymore, maaan?
Save the otters, maaan! Beavers! Meh, sure, save them too.
Ever seen a whale sneeze? Maaan, you are missing out!
If a teenager pig's room is clean, do you think his mom gets really mad? Maaan, just think about it for a bit...
Stores sell beds, but, maaan, as long as you're asleep, that place is a bed. I mean, just think about it...
Do boats float on top of the water, or does water just nor like boats and pushes them away, maaan?
If a man is only as good as his word, maaan, what if his word is "bologna" or something?
You ever been forced to play the tuba while blindfolded and falling from a helicopter? 'Cause, maaan...
You can predict the score at the start of the game: it's always zero to zero, maaan!
If you can't climb to the top of the world's tallest mountain, you should just climb a bunch of hills, maaan.
If I walked off a train in another town, would that make me the mayor? Maaan, I should try...
I don't care if you're really short. Maaan, everything looks short from really far away.
Don't fight it, maaan. When you eat tapioca, doesn't matter that it's a starch you still think it's fish's eyes.
I found a treasure chest once. Know what was in it? TREASURE, MAAAAAN!
Not everything one must have can be bought at Tom Nook's store, maaan.
Who invented algebra? I heard it was a guy who really hated kids. Maaaan, I bet that's true.
If you see a red button somewhere, maaan, don't PUSH it, even though I know how badly you want to.
You see a guy takling, you think he's the smart one, but maaaan, that guy who's just listening, he's a GENIUS.
If you have a pair of pants, then what's just one pant? Maaan, I can't even FATHOM that!
The truth is never free, maaaan. But sometimes it's on sale.
Save the kelp forest, maaaan!
Friends are like seagulls, maaan. No, wait. That was just seagulls. I forget what friends are like.
If a couple is two and three's a few, then why isn't several actually just seven? Maaan, mind boggled...
I hear that honesty is the best polict, but I also hear that the best policy has low interest, maaan.
Why do we need scorpions? Maaan, I can understand spiders and bees, but scorpions? No, thanks.
Why do oysters get all the credit for making pearls?Scallops make pearls too, maaan.
Do you think possums who play possum just call it "playing"? Maaan, I mean, SERIOUSLY!
If you can cry yourself to sleep, maaan, does that mean that tears make you sleepy? Mind, blown.
Why are they called marshmallows? They'reneither marshy nor mellow, if you ask me. Maaaaan, crazy.
People say there are always other fish in the sea, but, maaan, there are giant squids in there too.
If you drop a hundred pennies on the ground, that's a DOLLAR, maaaan.
Crabs aren't really crabby, maaaan. They just have a bad rap.
If Tortimer is the mayor, how come we never VOTE FOR HIM, maaaan?!
If you follow a circle, you'll NEVER STOP FOLLOWING IT!
If you try something new, it's not new anymore, maaan.
The truth hurts, maaaaan. Especially if you wrap it around a rock and throw it at someone.
It's against the law to smell your own armpits, maaaan.
Stairs are always stairs, maaaan. Doesn't matter how you climb 'em.
Everything is known, maaan. You just have to know where to look.
Eels are so long, maaan! It kinda freaks me out.
Always bring a present to a birthday party, maaan. 'Cause, hey. Free cake.
